### Conceptual Exercise

Answer the following questions below:

- What is PostgreSQL?
  PostgreSQL is an open source Object-Relational Database that uses and extends the SQL Language.

- What is the difference between SQL and PostgreSQL?
  SQL or Structured Query Language is a human readable language for relational databases. PostgreSQL is a more advanced langugage with additional features that support arrays, IP Address Data types, Cascade operations etc.

- In `psql`, how do you connect to a database?
  connect to a database by typing "\c + database name"

- What is the difference between `HAVING` and `WHERE`?
  Having - means a particular item from a column/table. Where - means from which column/table

- What is the difference between an `INNER` and `OUTER` join?
  Inner - These are joins between tables that DO NOT include NON-MATCHING rows. Outer - These are joins that INCLUDE NON-MATCHING rows.

- What is the difference between a `LEFT OUTER` and `RIGHT OUTER` join?
  Left Outer - This returns all the values in the left table as well as MATCHED values from the right table. Right Outer - Returns all the values from the right table as well as MATCHED values from the left table.

- What is an ORM? What do they do?
  ORM is an Object Relational Mapping tool. ORM allows us to navigate SQL queries in a different language of the users choice like JavaScript or Python.

- What are some differences between making HTTP requests using AJAX
  and from the server side using a library like `requests`?
  Making requests from the server side allows the user to hide specific information from the client side.
  We can still use Flask and Flask_SQLAlchemy
  We will respond with JSON rather than HTML.

* What is CSRF? What is the purpose of the CSRF token?
  CSRF - Cross-Site Request Forgery is a unique token that is generated by the server (WTForms). This allows to server to recognize and verify the form requests and thus allow the changes to occur.

- What is the purpose of `form.hidden_tag()`?
  This is where the hidden CSRF field attribute is located.
